Previously on "nashville"...
I'm emancipating from you.
It's your damn daughter sinking
her fangs into my little girl.
-Watch your mouth.
-[ grunts ]
Rayna: I can't figure out how
to work through this.
Just tell me what to do.
I will do it.
I just got an offer
from a headphone company.
They only want scarlett
for the commercial.
Gunnar scott,
come on out onstage with me.
I don't know about you,
But I'd love to see
where this goes.
I love you, ma.
[ cries ]
Being gay is not an issue --
certainly not for me.
Oh.
You have to stop
fighting will's battle for him.
I'm on the right side
of history here.
Goodbye, ken.
¶¶
[ cheers and applause ]
He's a red-hot country artist
Who just became one of the
hottest topics in the headlines,
So you knew we had to make
some room for him at the table.
Please welcome luke wheeler.
Hey, luke!
Hey.
[ cheers and applause ]
thanks for having me.
Thank you.
So, you're a hot topic
right now
For your very heated
and very public battle
With conservative pundit
cynthia davis.
How'd this all start?
Well, I wanted
to get my artist
Will lexington's music
on the radio...
Right.
...Uh, but we ran into
some resistance
Because of
his sexual orientation.
So I made a public plea
to have his song requested,
And cynthia took offense.
And she says
that you were shaming people
Into feeling like a bigot.
Well, um, cynthia says
a lot of things,
A lot of which aren't true,
But the truth is
that will is an amazing artist,
And the conversation
should be about his music.
Well, but regardless
what the conversation should be,
The fact remains that it's not
about the music, really.
I mean, you've shined a light on
a very important social issue.
So what's your stance
on that?
Well, I believe
that any discrimination --
Whether it be race, religion,
or sexual orientation --
Is just plain wrong.
[ cheers and applause ]
I couldn't agree
more,
But here's where
I'm still confused.
I mean, you're the forerunner
leading this charge.
Where's lexington
in all this?
Well, uh, will's gone through
a little personal tragedy.
He just lost his mom,
so...
But he was refusing to comment
even before that, right?
I think the problem
that a lot of people have is,
Why does it seem like
you care more than him?
Well, I don't know
if it does seem like that,
But I can assure you
that will cares.
¶¶
Hi. I'm dr. Voris.
Nice to meet you both.
Hi. Thank you so much
for seeing us.
And giving us
the whole day.
Not a problem.
I do occasionally,
when the situation requires it.
We appreciate it.
Come on in.
¶¶
[ knock on door ]
Sorry.
Didn't mean to interrupt.
No worries.
The luggage is unloaded.
We can drive home
whenever you're ready.
Okay.
Thank you.
For what?
For being exactly what I needed
these last couple days.
[ chuckles ]
I'm glad
my publicist sucks
At finding me dates
for the red carpet.
Me too.
[ both chuckle ]
Wait.
Why don't you come with me
to new york?
I mean, I'm taking your jet.
You might as well be on it.
That is so tempting,
but I miss my little girl.
I got to get back
to my real life.
Mm.
You have fun
in new york.
I'll see you
at the oscars,
And we'll pick up
right where we're leaving off.
Yeah. Sure.
Once scarlett and I wrap
the commercial shoot in chicago,
You'll have some time off before
we join up again in orlando.
I've got a couple
meet-and-greets
And a morning spot
on magic 107.
That work?
-Yeah.
-Sure.
Are we doing the "not talking
to each other" thing again?
Look, whatever's best
for the band.
You set it up,
we'll be there.
Yep.
What she said.
[ sighs ] okay.
I'm gonna go finish
checking you out of your rooms.
Thank you.
Gunnar, can we please
just talk about --
hey, there.
I don't know
about you two,
But I could certainly use
a little break from this tour.
You guys have plans?
Uh, shooting a commercial
in chicago.
Oh, that's right.
Gunnar mentioned something
about that.
That's so exciting for you.
Is that today?
Yep.
Aww! Bummer.
I'm just on my way
to boston
To see my old friend elton john
play a show,
And I was gonna see
if you two wanted to tag along.
Elton john? Seriously?
I love elton john.
You're welcome to come.
I mean, I know
I've offered before.
Oh. Yeah, sure.
Got nothing else going on.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Sweet. My plane is waiting
for us whenever you're ready.
Now's good.
-Okay.
-Yeah? [ chuckles ]
See ya.
Have fun!
All right.
Car's here.
[ sighing ] okay.
You okay?
Yeah. I am.
And we should get going.
¶¶
[ sighs ] okay.
Yeah, thanks, dad.
You guys talking now?
Actually, he's called me twice
since I've been back.
Even wants to send me
some of my mom's old things.
Wow.
Guess whatever
you said to him
Must've really changed
his mind, huh?
I don't know about that,
but...It's a start.
[ cellphone rings ]
Oh. Sorry.
Hey, luke. What's up?
Hey, will.
Just wanted to check in on you,
see how you're holding up.
I imagine it's been
a hard couple days.
Yeah, it's been rough,
But, uh, I actually think
some good might come out of it
With my father.
I'm glad to hear that.
Um, listen, you happen
to catch my appearance
On "the view"
this morning?
Oh! G-- I'm sorry.
I totally forgot.
No, no.
It's no problem.
It's just,
I want you to know
That I'm committed as ever
to launching your album.
Only...I can't do it
without you.
Okay? I've got some appearances
lined up,
And I'm gonna need you
out there with me.
-I understand.
-Okay, good.
I'll be back in nashville
in a few hours
And, uh, have a radio interview
lined up for us later today,
So why don't you meet me
back at the office
And, uh, we can
discuss then, okay?
Yes, sir.
¶¶
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I just wanted to clarify
what I meant in l.A.
When I said, "I'd love to see
where this goes."
Okay.
Now, I-I didn't just mean
red carpets or hotel rooms,
And honestly, I'd rather spend
more time with you here
Than do
whatever crap my publicist
Has scheduled for me
in new york.
My life is so complicated
right now.
That's never bothered me.
But this will
never go anywhere
If we don't really
get to know each other.
So...What do you say?
I say, "why not?"
¶¶
Yes, it was a mistake
for me to go to the bar.
I said that, all right?
But look,
me and frankie --
We've been friends
for like 15 years.
All of a sudden,
he is helping his daughter
To basically
destroy our family.
Is it crazy
for me to think
That maybe we could have
a conversation about that
Without him
physically assaulting me?
It was stupid.
It was a stupid thing
to do,
And you didn't tell me about it
'cause you knew it was stupid,
But you couldn't
help yourself!
It's all just so familiar.
This cycle just keeps repeating
itself over and over again --
Betrayal, destruction,
abandonment, forgiveness.
Yeah, 'cause that's what
I want to do.
I want to get back
in that same cycle.
Look, I would love
to be the guy
That didn't make
the same mistake twice.
I'm s--
-twice?!
Deacon,
it's been a lifetime.
Okay, okay. Let's, uh...
Let's stop and take a breath.
There are clearly
very deep wounds here.
¶¶
See?
I told you it'd be fun
cooking together.
Yeah.
It totally is.
So, this is really gonna
turn into spaghetti strands?
Yeah, I mean, uh...
Well, the texture's a little bit
different than pasta,
But it's delicious.
Oh.
It's also lower in calories
and cholesterol
Than boxed pasta
And higher in potassium,
calcium, and vitamins a and c.
I mean, that's the best part
about cooking your own food,
Is that you can control
your nutrition.
You know, you can
supercharge your body.
[ scraping ]
Neat.
I got you a gift
for tonight.
What?!
It's your album launch.
You shouldn't be
getting me a gift.
Oh.
It's a -- it's a tie.
It goes with my outfit
tonight.
I thought it would be cute
if we coordinated.
Right.
You know what?
Never mind.
That's a lame idea.
Hey, no.
It's -- it's a great idea.
Really, I'm --
I'm happy to wear it.
There's just so much
riding on tonight.
I just want it
to be perfect.
It will be.
And I did get you something,
by the way...
Sort of.
Really?
Yeah, cadence is, uh,
spending the night at her mom's,
So I'm yours...
All night.
Did you know that elton john has
sold over 300 million records?
And he's got six grammys,
a tony,
A golden globe,
and an oscar.
Has someone
been on wikipedia
Since I went to get
the champagne?
And the fact that he's stayed
on top for so long
All by himself,
it's -- it's inspiring.
Hey, what about you?
How come you haven't...
Tried it by yourself?
I don't know.
Uh, I know
scarlett and I have our issues,
But it's hard for me to imagine
doing it without her.
Well...
Nothing lasts forever.
But...
That being said, you guys
are killing it right now,
So there is no reason
for you not to just sit back
And enjoy the moment.
Kind of like how I'm enjoying
this one...With you.
Yeah, me too.
I think I've always been looking
for a healthier path.
You know,
I think that's what
The marriage with teddy
was about.
I mean,
he was the anti-deacon.
I think I was trying to build
a wall to protect myself,
To protect my girls from...
My feelings for him.
And yet it seems
you've built a door in that wall
So you could let him in
or shut him out as you needed.
I don't know
that I'd put it that way.
Well, you had effectively
disentangled yourself
From a romantic
relationship,
Then you hired him
as your bandleader.
Have you ever heard him
play guitar?
And the songs
that we wrote together --
Look, in spite of all the hell,
that part was heaven.
There's just something
that happens.
There's a magic
Still does.
And you didn't want
to give that up.
With deacon and me,
it's never about
What we want
or what we don't want.
I think
there's something...
Really inevitable
about this relationship.
It just feels like...
We're inextricably tied.
There's my angel!
Hi!
Ahh,
not so angelic today.
She's teething
and really cranky.
She woke up screaming twice
last night.
Oh. I'm sorry.
You cooking?
Yeah.
Well, sort of.
Noah is here,
and he wanted to cook, so...
Noah...West is here?
Really? Wow.
That's -- that's fast.
Well, not really.
We've known each other
for a while.
And you think it's --
it's all right
For him to be around cadence
already?
Avery, he's a good guy.
And cadence is too young
to understand,
Which is why
I've never had a problem
With her spending time
with layla.
Come on in.
¶¶
Hey, sweet girl.
Oh, hey, man.
Hi.
Smells good.
Yeah, just, uh,
heirloom tomato marinara.
Yeah, you want a taste?
No, thanks.
All right.
Uh, call me
if you need anything.
Say "bye, daddy."
-Bye.
-Say "bye, daddy.
We'll be okay."
This is my friend noah.
Can you say "hi"?
Oh, hey, there, cadence.
[ cadence cooing ]
Hi. Oh.
Your mama talks about you
all the time.
[ chuckles ]
Is kenneth
gonna join us?
Uh, kenneth doesn't
work here anymore.
What happened?
I got enough resistance
out there to what we're doing.
I don't need it coming
from within the label, as well.
I'm sorry to hear that.
That's all right.
I never liked him
that much anyway.
Now, listen,
about this radio show --
We got the spot because
the deejay's an old friend,
And it's a mainstream
station.
Is he gonna ask
about the controversy?
Just a few questions
about your music,
And then he's gonna play
the single.
I just don't want to be
a spokesman, is all.
No, don't worry about that.
I'll have your back.
[ knock on door ]
Luke, you have
an emergency call
From the medical center
at fort benning.
Excuse me one second,
will.
[ telephone beeps ]
This is luke wheeler.
Yes, sir.
U-um...
Is he all right?
Y-yes, sir.
Thank you.
I-I'll be there
as soon as I can.
Okay.
[ telephone beeps ]
What is it?
Um...
Colt was in an accident.
I-I'm sorry, will.
You're gonna have to do this
radio show on your own, okay?
-Of course.
-Yeah.
-Go take care of your son.
¶¶
Sure you're all right?
You barely said a word
on the plane.
-Oh, I'm fine. Thank you.
-Scarlett.
Dennis. Hi.
Head of promotion.
We are excited to have you
as part of our ad campaign.
Oh, I'm real excited to be here.
Thank you for having me.
Well, I wanted to talk you
through the concept.
Our theme is "cut out the noise,
what do you hear?"
So, each one-sheet features
a different female artist
Listening to her own music
on our headphones
And answering
the question.
Sounds really cool.
Well, we've got "hope"
and "peace."
For you,
we were thinking "joy."
Would you stop, please?
Don't listen to him.
Scarlett, this is jackie hudson,
our esteemed photographer.
Hi.
That's right,
and I don't need you
To tell her
what she should feel.
I'm sure you can
figure that out on your own.
Can't you?
-Yes, ma'am.
Just listen to the music,
be honest,
And we'll see
where that takes us.
All right?
All right.
Deacon: I basically spent
most of my life
Ashamed of the things
I'd done to myself, to...
Other people, but...
...Mostly to her.
That's a very difficult way
to live,
A tough thing to face.
It's like
all I ever get to be
Is the guy
who let her down again.
You think
that's how she sees you?
How else could she see me?
You know, you talk a lot
about who you are to her.
What about you?
Who is she to you?
[ exhales sharply ]
She's everything.
Without her...
Music doesn't mean
anything.
Nothing means anything.
I've had to wrap my mind
Around trying to live
without her...
Too many times.
I just don't know
if I can face that again.
What if you had to?
What would you do?
Wait.
[ sighs ]
We're here today with
country star will lexington.
Man, it's, uh, good
to have you here.
Thank you for having me.
Absolutely.
Uh, so, listen,
What a roller coaster of
a career this has been for you.
I mean, to be nominated
for a cma,
You signed a record deal
with luke wheeler,
Only to then be dropped
by luke,
Then to re-sign with him,
And now you're rolling out
a new album.
It's exhausting
even just saying it all.
[ chuckles ]
yeah, it's been quite a ride,
But, uh, I think it's made me
a stronger artist,
Both from a writing
and performing standpoint.
Yeah, I hear that.
There's so much emotional depth
to this.
It's like a real step forward,
I think, from your first album.
Thank you.
I appreciate you saying so.
Now I got to ask,
The experience of coming out
as a gay country artist,
Did that have any kind of
an impact on this progression?
Um...I don't know.
I mean, um...
So, what about the impact you're
having on the gay community?
[ sighs ]
I can't speak
for anyone else.
All I know is that
I'm real proud of this album.
You should be.
Here it is.
First taste of the new single
from will lexington.
The song's called
"spinning revolver."
[ "spinning revolver" plays ]
¶ well, a heart ¶
¶ it's a fragile thing,
hangin' on a string ¶
Hey!
Hey.
Oh, my god.
Look at the turnout.
Yeah. Way more press
than we expected.
Just got a call from bucky,
though.
Rayna can't make it --
family emergency.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah.
Well, maybe it's not
the worst thing
That she's not here
to overshadow me.
-Hey, there.
-Hi.
-You look beautiful.
-Hi. Thank you.
-Hey.
-Hey, nice tie.
You ready to do this?
Absolutely.
[ crowd clamoring,
camera shutters clicking ]
Something wrong?
You're not having second
thoughts about this, are you?
No. Just worried
about cadence.
Was she still fussy?
Well, that, and when I dropped
her off at juliette's,
Noah west was there.
Oh.
Did that bother you?
No.
No, I just don't want juliette
to be distracted.
It's gonna be fine.
You know how I know?
Because tonight
is gonna be perfect.
Remember?
[ chuckles ]
Woman:
Layla! Over here!
Hi.
¶¶
[ monitor beeping ]
Been expecting you.
His mother's
flying in tomorrow.
Is he conscious?
Pain meds got him knocked out
right now.
Got a real bad
concussion,
Broken arm,
plus quite a few stitches.
[ sighs ]
what happened?
Well, apparently, he got jumped
by a couple other recruits.
Why?
On account
of all that noise
You've been making
in the press lately.
Things kind of escalated
from there, and here we are.
So, to answer your question,
this happened because of you.
So...
There are a couple of things
in play here.
Deacon, you feel a great sense
of guilt and remorse
About your alcoholism,
injuries to your wife.
Losing our daughter.
And, rayna, is it fair to say
that you have a history with men
Who, in one way or another,
have disappointed you?
Your father --
neglectful, controlling.
Deacon -- unreliable,
sometimes volatile.
Are you trying to say
I've chosen this?
I'm not talking about choices --
just patterns.
And as a result, you've had to,
as you said, build a wall.
And, deacon,
to some degree,
You have always seen rayna
as an unattainable ideal.
So I would posit
that the work now would be
For you, deacon,
to find a way
To be relieved of
that crippling burden of guilt
And for you, rayna,
to find a way
To take a step
towards forgiveness.
You both have a deep mythology
about this bond --
Its inevitability,
The sense of yourselves
as artists
All tied up within it.
But there's a dark side
to it.
I'm not questioning whether
you both love each other or not.
You clearly do.
But the tough question
you have to answer is,
What are you both getting
out of this relationship?
¶¶
¶ come on, honey,
stay a little longer ¶
All right, with this song,
what do you hear?
Cheer. Glee. Fun.
No, what do you hear?
What do you feel?
Happiness?
You're smiling, but your eyes
are giving you away.
I don't see happy.
I see fear.
Uh...
Well, m-maybe if you just tell
me what you would like me to do,
I could just do that.
This isn't about what I want.
This is about you.
This is about
your feelings.
Well, the truth is,
I-I do feel happy
When I'm listening
to my music.
I'm just really sorry that it's
not coming through properly.
All right,
cut the music!
[ click, music stops ]
Clear the room!
Everyone out!
And leave me the controls
for the music.
[ people murmuring ]
Perhaps now
you can stop hiding.
[ door closes ]
Autumn: Gunnar? Hey!
I'd like you to meet
my friend elton john.
Hey, how are you?
Great to meet you.
Hi. Big fan.
I mean, that is, of -- of you.
[ chuckles ]
Well, me too,
because autumn slipped me
A couple of tracks and some
video clips from the tour,
And I have to say,
it's absolutely fantastic.
Well done.
He was particularly impressed
with the song
You and I did
at last night's show.
Yeah.
That is a great song.
Well, thank you.
I'm gonna ask you
a question now.
Yeah.
Have you heard
my new record?
Yeah. It's amazing.
Oh, thank you very much.
And what is your favorite song
on the record?
Uh, well, I got to say
"blue wonderful."
Right.
Well, "blue wonderful" it is.
You're gonna come and sing it
with me onstage tonight, okay?
Uh...I'd be honored.
[ chuckles ]
Get this guy a guitar,
And let's get the hell
out of here and go onstage.
Come on. Here we go.
-Okay.
-Come on, gunnar.
-Oh, my g-- [laughs]
[ sighs ]
Daphne gonna be there
when we get home?
No.
She's spending the night
at simone's.
[ cheers and applause ]
Thank you all for coming.
Highway 65
could not be more excited
About this terrific
young artist.
You may think
you know her already,
Because she's been in the public
eye, but this new album...
I wish he'd wrap it up.
I'm ready to sing.
...The real layla grant,
and you better get ready,
'cause she's about to
take over the world.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Please help me welcome
the amazing ms. Layla grant.
[ cheers and applause ]
Hi, everyone.
Thanks, bucky, for not setting
the expectations too high.
[ chuckles ]
You guys ready
to hear some music?
[ "soul survivor" plays ]
¶ how do you
turn a sinkin' ship ¶
¶ that's been takin' you down
with it? ¶
¶ the whole world stops
and drops you ¶
¶ like you're nothin' ¶
¶ how do you make amends ¶
¶ for all the goodbyes
that might have been? ¶
¶ do you brush it off?
Do you cash it in? ¶
¶ do you just bite your lip
and try it again? ¶
¶ 'cause I'm much too young ¶
¶ to settle
for what's been done ¶
¶ I've seen it all ¶
¶ livin' through the fall
has taken me higher ¶
¶ 'cause the smoke
is gonna clear ¶
¶ blue skies
are gonna reappear ¶
¶ and I'll be standin' here,
I'll be standin' here ¶
¶ soul survivor ¶
[ cadence crying ]
Shh, shh, shh.
Sweet girl.
Call me back, avery.
[ sighs ]
Everything okay in here?
Oh, she's just teething,
And she won't take the ring
that I stuck in the freezer.
Here. Try this.
Come here.
[ fussing ]
Hey.
[ laughing ] hey.
Here you go.
Want to try that?
[ sighs ]
yeah.
[ chuckles ]
My niece anna's gums
were too sensitive
For all the cold stuff
when she was teething.
Wooden spoon was the only thing
that worked.
Huh?
There you go.
You are
just full of surprises.
[ woman speaking indistinctly
on p.A. ]
Something I can
help you with, sarge?
Yeah.
You know, they say a father's
job is to protect his child.
Why is it that you're always
hurting yours, huh?
Excuse me?
What in the hell
were you thinking
Even starting this crusade
of yours?
I did it
to help out a good kid,
Maybe change some minds
for the better.
You know what --
I watch the news,
And I don't see
that it's going very well.
No, it's not.
In fact, I got protesters
outside my office,
I'm losing fans by the day,
hemorrhaging cash.
Well, I hope that singer
of yours appreciates it,
Considering that you were
fighting his fights for him
While your son was here
getting his head kicked in!
You think you can
make me feel worse? Is that it?
I was just trying to do
the right thing, damn it!
I was just trying to --
Trying to what?
Forget it.
¶¶
[ engine shuts off ]
Hey, will.
Heard you on the radio.
[ car alarm chirps ]
Pretty easy
to find your address online.
Hey, man,
I-I don't want any trouble.
Hey, you're wrong,
you know.
You are speaking
for other people.
What do you mean?
I had a real hard time
coming to terms with who I am.
I was so ashamed,
I couldn't tell anybody,
And I hated myself
for it.
But hearing you stand up
and speak your truth,
It gave me the confidence
to know I could do it, too.
You let me know
there's nothing wrong with me...
And I wasn't alone.
Well, I'm...
Glad it helped.
I'm done.
I'm done being the screw-up
in your life.
I think I just need to relieve
me and you of that guilt.
Don't do that.
What?
Don't just go and decide that
after today.
Oh, come on, ray.
Didn't you hear him?
What was this whole day
about, huh?
It's about us trying to figure
out how to work through this.
Did we?
You feel better now?
I mean, have you found
that first step to forgiveness?
No.
But it's gonna take
more than one day.
[ scoffs ]
what, two? 10? 1,000?
Come on, rayna.
What is gonna get fixed here?
Am I gonna magically undo
everything I done?
You suddenly
gonna forget it?
This is it, man.
This is me. This is us.
This is our "happily ever after"
right here.
So you just gonna leave?
Again?
Is that what you want?
You think about it,
babe.
[ cheers and applause ]
Thank you.
Fantastic. If anything,
I set expectations too low.
-Perfect, kiddo.
-Thank you.
Thanks.
-Perfect. Come here.
Rod phillips from iheart radio
wants to meet you.
Come on.
Okay.
Hey, where's avery?
I don't know.
Hey. [ sighs ]
Uh, sorry I missed your call.
I was onstage.
Is cadence okay?
Yeah, she's fine.
She was fussy,
like you said she was,
And noah saved the day,
got her to calm down.
Noah did?
Oh, he's so sweet.
Oh, that's great.
Yeah,
glad he could help out.
Hope you two
are having fun.
We are.
In fact, I should probably
hang up and get back to it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I should get back
to the party.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
Jackie: So, you've always been
a writer?
Yeah.
It was poetry
before lyrics.
It's just always
been my way
Of sorting out my feelings,
I guess.
Listening to the tracks
your label sent over,
I can tell that you feel things
very deeply.
Especially that duet,
"I will never let you know."
It's so raw.
Where'd that come from?
It's about my uncle
and the love of his life.
They got a real complicated
story, but it's a sweet one.
But it --
it felt so personal.
It must be
about more than that.
Yeah. There's a lot of me
in there, too.
There was a lot going on
in my life when I wrote it.
Come on.
Let's shoot.
[ cheers and applause ]
Thank you so much.
[ exhales sharply ]
Boston, we love you!
You nervous?
I think I may vomit.
[ clears throat ]
[ laughs ]
Or faint. Or both.
No. Listen.
You are
going to be great.
Now, I wanted
to bring a new friend out
For this next song,
called "blue wonderful."
So please give a big welcome
to gunnar scott!
Thanks.
Go get 'em, rock star.
[ cheers and applause ]
[ "blue wonderful" plays ]
¶ every breath is
a prayer of some kind ¶
¶ I breathe in, I breathe out,
I just breathe ¶
¶ and you're so well,
blue wonderful ¶
¶ blue wonderful, to me ¶
¶ like swimming
in your eyes ¶
¶ I dive in, I dive deep,
I just swim ¶
¶ and lose myself in you,
blue wonderful ¶
¶ blue wonderful, again ¶
¶ don't you know
where you go I will follow? ¶
¶ in your footsteps,
I find my own feet ¶
¶ addicted like I am
to the blues ¶
¶ two kinds of blue
are all the blues I need ¶
¶ "yesterday,"
that's someone else's song ¶
¶ in '65, summertime, long ago ¶
¶ long before you came,
blue wonderful ¶
¶ the blue wonderful I know ¶
¶ age is something
I just left behind ¶
¶ in the past, far away,
used to be ¶
¶ but you're present,
my blue wonderful ¶
¶ blue wonderful, to me ¶
¶ go where you want
when you want to ¶
¶ just don't let the wind
tear you free ¶
¶ stick around the light
that brings you home ¶
¶ don't ever hang around
with the breeze ¶
Granddad?
Hey, buddy.
Dad, what are you
doing here?
Hey, cowboy.
W-we know what went on.
You just say the word, and I'll
get your father out of here.
I'm not going anywhere.
Why don't we let colt
decide that?
Stop it, please.
I want dad here.
I'm so sorry, colt.
I'd never want
to be the one
Responsible for you
being in pain.
It's not your fault.
Sure it is.
If it wasn't for him --
No, I threw
the first punch.
Why would you do that?
I was defending you.
Son,
you shouldn't have --
No.
I wanted to.
I'm proud of you, dad.
Well, guess who finally decided
to emerge from his hiding place
And speak out
to the media today.
Will lexington.
But was it to comment
On luke wheeler's proselytizing
of the homosexual agenda?
Nope.
It was simply a lame excuse
to promote his new album.
Bad enough he rubs our noses in
his morally depraved behavior,
But to not have the guts
to defend himself?
It's an embarrassment.
He and the rest
of his so-called community
Should do this country a favor
and just disappear.
Jackie: Listen.
Be in the moment.
Cut out the noise
and just tell me --
What do you hear?
[ click ]
[ "I will never let you know"
plays ]
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Scarlett:
¶ I will hold my head up high ¶
¶ you will never
see me cry ¶
You're amazing.
¶ I'll smile
and say "I'm good" ¶
¶ but I would fall apart ¶
I know
I shouldn't be here.
¶ if I could ¶
¶ I'm inside out,
shot through the center ¶
¶ feel the scar
of where you entered ¶
¶ took my life
and turned it upside down ¶
¶ but I will never
let you know ¶
[ camera shutter clicks ]
¶ all this time... ¶
Just stay in it.
It's perfect.
[ crying ] I can't.
It hurts too much.
I...I can't.
¶ they say that the moon... ¶
Scarlett.
What are you
so afraid of?
¶ it's just the light
from a star ¶
¶ maybe that's the way
we are ¶
[ sighs ]
I want maddie back.
That's what I want.
Me too.
[ cries softly ]
[ sighs ]
So, mr. Big shot.
[ laughs ]
how was that?
I-I still can't believe
it was real.
Well, believe this.
Elton said that you were
an absolute natural out there.
Come on.
He did not.
Yes, he did!
Those were his exact words.
I promise you.
This just proves
what I've been telling you
From the beginning.
You have the goods.
You can do whatever you want
all on your own.
[ sighs ]
I mean, I don't know
what to say. [ laughs ]
Tonight was --
it was a dream come true,
And...You set it all up
for me.
Well, I enjoy doing nice things
for people I like.
And in case it wasn't
already abundantly clear,
I like you, gunnar.
A lot.
Juliette:
I'm pretty sure
"tommy boy" is the best
buddy comedy of all time.
You think that's the best
buddy comedy of all time?
You didn't like it?
It's a complete mess.
I mean, the plot
is all over the place.
You were laughing.
I was laughing at it,
not with it.
[ inhales deeply ]
Maybe we should
just go to bed.
Hey. Every programmer I spoke to
is raving about the album.
Rayna's gonna be thrilled
when bucky fills her in.
[ chuckles ]
Well, I couldn't have
gotten here without you, glenn.
Thank you.
Hey, go celebrate.
You earned it.
Should we go out
or back to my place?
Uh, it's up to you.
I'm gonna swing by
juliette's first
And, uh, check up on cadence,
then we can meet up after.
What are you
in the mood for?
I don't know.
What's wrong?
Well, I don't even know
why we're celebrating.
Glenn can say that everyone's
excited about the album,
But rayna couldn't even make it
to the launch.
I don't think that means
that they're not excited.
You know the first time
I played here, she blew me off?
And then she literally
let markus keen
Just steal my spotlight
at my opry debut.
And then she did nothing
When autumn gave my tour spot
away to the exes.
So, I mean, what does it matter
how tonight went
When my label obviously
couldn't care less about me?
Hey.
Of course
highway 65 cares about you.
I mean, look.
Look at this.
Yeah, but I just feel
like crying.
It's just, tonight was
supposed to be perfect,
And rayna just ruined it.
It's not ruined.
Okay?
Come on.
I'm gonna take you out,
And we're gonna turn it
all around, starting right now.
What about cadence?
I was being
a little overprotective.
I'm sure she's fine.
Come on. Let's go.
You really are
the best boyfriend.
[ door opens ]
Noel: Hey!
There you are.
Jackie said
the shoot went great.
[ sighs ]
Whoa.
What's going on?
What's wrong?
Gunnar's right.
I am afraid.
I'm afraid of the truth.
And it doesn't matter
how much I try to ignore it,
Wipe it away,
stamp it out.
I can't anymore.
What are you
talking about?
I'm in love with him.
I'm in love
with gunnar.
So, what's going on
over there?
You're such a great guy.
You're amazing with cadence
and just...
So passionate
about stuff.
Oh, there's a "but" coming,
right?
But I'm not sure we're
passionate about the same stuff.
You don't think we could be,
with time?
I just don't think
we have the connection
That I need to feel
right now.
I guess the fantasy's
better than the reality, huh?
At least we tried,
right?
You don't have to leave.
I know.
But I-I probably should.
How bad is it?
Oh,
it's barely noticeable.
[ both chuckle ]
[ cellphone ringing ]
Hold on a sec.
Let me grab this.
Hey, will.
Hey. How's colt?
Oh, he's gonna be all right.
He's a tough kid.
How'd the radio spot go?
It went good.
Apparently,
word about it spread,
Because it lit a fire
under cynthia davis again.
Oh, you know what? [ sighs ]
don't you worry about her.
Some people got so much hate
in them, it's just not worth it.
Actually, um...
I made a decision.
I want to go on the show --
take her on face-to-face.
Okay.
I'm, uh, not sure
what changed your mind,
But, uh,
if that's what you want,
I'll make a call
and book us a time.
No, you've done so much
for me, luke,
And I am truly grateful,
but...
It's time for me
to take from here.
Well, all right, then.
Go get 'er, son.
[ click ]